[Autogenerated] welcome to the module on deep
learning foundations on algorithms.
In this model,
we will learn the business drivers behind deep learning and understand how
an artificial neuron also call is Perceptron is designed after a
biological brain on how a neural network is built.
Then we will dive deep into different types off deep
learning and understand convolution, Neural Network and recommend neural network.
We will wrap up this model by understanding different CNN on our
own and algorithms that are provided by AWS.
Let's look at the business drivers behind deep learning.
Deep learning algorithms learn on understand the features
from the data in an incremental manner.
Unlike a machine learning algorithm where you need a domain expert for this,
deep learning works effectively in complex business
problems like image processing, speech processing on language processing,
deep learning algorithms do require high computational power to complete
the training process in a reasonable amount of time.
Deep learning continues to learn and became better
as you provide more on more data.
So deep learning is a very good candidate when you have a lot of data
and it is another subset off machine learning the goal of deep learning
is to create machines that are similar to human brain that can take
positions by processing patterns.
It's also called is in URL network on In Simple Terms,
Deep Learning tries to achieve machine intelligence by
representing data as a layer hierarchy off concepts where each
layer is built from previous layers.
Before looking at an artificial neuron,
let's get a brief overview off biological neuron that make up our brain.
A neuron has a body, our cell nucleus, axon and injury.
Every input that an individual neuron receives in the farm off a signal
travels down the axon to the din rights to the next neuron.
The connection between one neuron with the other is called sin apps.
In short,
dent rates are the branches that receives the
information from the neighboring neuron,
and accents are like a cable that transmits this information.
An individual neuron by itself don't offer much value,
but when they are connected together,
they can create things that are supremely complex.
On our mind is a natural neural network and is said to
have at least 100 billion neurons with 100,000 connections
with its neighboring neurons.
Artificial neural networks are computational models inspired by human brain.
Before we jump in to artificial neural network,
let's take a look at an artificial neuron.
It's a mathematical representation off a biological neuron where you can
visualized Dent writes to the input signals and accents to the output cell
nucleus to the note and synapses to the rates.
An artificial neuron are a perceptron.
It's an elemental building, block off artificial neural network,
and it has four important components.
Input, values, weights and bias.
Net some on activation function.
A Perceptron accepts multiple input values a place a weight on
the inputs sums all the waiter inputs on,
then applies the transformation function.
Are activation function to create an output SignalR an output value?
It's important to remember that bias is one per neuron,
and it's not one Perl input value.
Let's dive a little deeper and study about activation function.
An activation function can be a simple step.
Function are a sine function that outputs zero or one.
Our falsy are true when the some of the waiter input falsy
shot or exceeds a threshold Value on output off one are true
indicates that a neuron is trigger.
And if it's zero R falsy.
It indicates that the neuron not being triggered,
this predictor output is then compared to the known output.
And if there is an error in the prediction,
this error is propagated backward to adjust the weights
on re compute the training process.
The step function of the sine function can be used for a typical binary
classification on to utters a nonlinear problems,
we can use a sigmoid function.
A sigmoid function is a simple largest dict function that represents
a probability off the value between zero and one.
This is especially useful when one is interested in the
probability mapping instead of a simple zero or one.
The equation for a simple sigmoid function is one divided by
one plus E to the power off negative X.
Other commonly used activation function is rectified.
Linear unit also called us real.
Ooh,
activation function on this function allows one to eliminate
negative units in an artificial neural network.
The equation for really function is Max off X or zero.
That means if the value off x excess less than zero,
these output will be zero on for values effects greater than zero.
The output will be Samos X.
There is no upper limit, unlike the sigmoid function, are step function.
Some of the key benefits off a real function is that it performs
the training in a more faster and effective way,
and it scales very well.
Hyperbolic tangent function is similar to sigmoid function,
except in this case, the output values Marange from negative one to positive one instead of 0 to 1.